TINY-6939: The `TableModified` event was not fired when pasting cells into a table (#7116)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The nested menu item chevron icon was not fading when the menu item was disabled #TINY-7700
- The table dialog did not always respect the `table_style_with_css` option #TINY-4926
- Pasting into a table with multiple cells selected could cause the content to be pasted in the wrong location #TINY-7485

> - `TableModified` event was not fired when pasting cells into table via `Ctrl+V` #TINY-6939

Reviewer: Will this be any paste action or just `Ctrl+V`? Should this just be something like

```suggestion
- The `TableModified` event was not fired when pasting cells into a table #TINY-6939
```
